well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura Christina the ship's
to your house how are you feeling hi
that's Hortense that's the crack we're
in real we're in Rio holy shit
right okay and then it goes yeah that
someone says he goes the background
might the background might look
superimposed but it is very real that's
the background the background my
background might look superimpose which
is very real
are we all retarded did somebody get it
you're some you got it you got it you
can understand somebody else boo
what are you Irish no you just for you
that looks like I was normal really
really and who else who else got it you
got dad am are you are you British Irish
hey throw him out - OH
huh Oh was that oh okay well what is
trap pussy then according to the
internet no no wow wow
what's the respect Wow I like I like
that you have a hype man on the other
side you're like let me educate you he's
like that's right I've been wanting to
talk to well look at us a couple of
fucking hongki's up here that don't know
about trap yeah you guys you guys gotta
update that urban dictionary I saw that
shit on cuz that well white fucking 40
year old nerds we don't know this shit
so it's basically is it like a fucking
track like it's a host role right right
so I'm saying
I understand I'm saying so the trip but
you said will you sell pussy for okay
okay toward the drogon all right
so when'd you get out so Jesus he's like
I have a donut ship 27 years yeah right
I never had a job in my life just I work
sugar man in that jail you know same
exactly Shh no thank you
I actually shaded and thank you to Flav
for jumping on it
for jumping on the end of that yeah tell
him Chuck
alright so should we go to the next one
yeah fuck this is a heated master of
accents I didn't know that shit was
gonna happen like that I just like he's
been sitting on that I know my fuckin oh
he's 40 minutes ago you got fucking trap
pussy no I was so long ago how did we
even get back into Travis oh now we're
on to this you were talking by the way
you'd even say here you're like I got
the ultimate trap poster you said that's
me
I don't know if you want to rethink it I
do want to rethink yeah thank you
I don't have the ultimate trap no shit
that's true cuz we looked it up and what
we told you guys is what we read yeah
this just shows you reading is for
fucking idiots
alright should we continue yes yes yes
project